Alerting docs: revises descriptions for the manage notifications section (#79385)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/alerting/manage-notifications/view-notification-errors.md

---
canonical: https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/alerting/manage-notifications/view-notification-errors/

> description: View notification errors and understand why they failed to be sent or were not received

Reviewer: nit: Our style guide suggests using contractions

```suggestion
description: View notification errors and understand why they failed to be sent or weren't received
```
